Feature/update readme circleci (#10)
scalar-labs/scalardl-node-client-sdk: .circleci/README.md

> ## CircleCI Project Maintenance Guideline

Reviewer: I think the name is too general.
```suggestion
## Setting up CircleCI for Scalar DL Node/Web client SDK 
```

### 1. Environment Variables

> Set environment variable on CircleCi by following [this guide](https://circleci.com/blog/new-on-circleci-import-project-environment-variables/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set environment variables on CircleCi by following [this guide](https://circleci.com/blog/new-on-circleci-import-project-environment-variables/).
```

> The CircleCi environment variables used in this project are:-

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CircleCi environment variables used in this project are:
```

> The CircleCi environment variables used in this project are:

Reviewer: It would be nice if they are more specific.
Are you talking about environment variables in context and project ?
https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/env-vars/?gclid=Cj0KCQiA5dPuBRCrARIsAJL7oeg8WEHb3QGzxDNIPmdW95rAKRwhiOkXIKhqaba97o9QVCe-ubUMUnoaAlW0EALw_wcB#setting-an-environment-variable-in-a-context

If so, please make it something like this.
```
Please set environment variables in CircleCi as follows.
1. Set environment variables in context `scalar`
...

2. Set environment variables in the project
...
```

In the [Context](https://circleci.com/gh/organizations/scalar-labs/settings#contexts). Current context name is `scalar`.
<pre>
    <b>$DOCKERHUB_USERNAME</b>
    <b>$DOCKERHUB_PASSWORD</b>
</pre>
In the [Environment Variables](https://circleci.com/blog/new-on-circleci-import-project-environment-variables/)
<pre>
    <b>$SCHEMA_CONTENT</b>
</pre>

> ### 2. Trigger CircleCi integration test

Reviewer: It's not consistent with `1. Environment Variables` since it starts with noun (and V is capital) and this starts with verb (and integration/test are not capital.)
So, please make it something like this.

```suggestion
### 2. Integration Tests
```

> To trigger the integration test on CircleCi, name your branch which fulfil the following regex :-

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To trigger the integration test on CircleCi, name your branch in accordance with the following regex :
```

## Setting up CircleCI for Scalar DL Node/Web client SDK

### 1. Environment Variables

Set environment variables on CircleCi by following [this guide](https://circleci.com/blog/new-on-circleci-import-project-environment-variables/).
Please set environment variables in CircleCi as follows.

> 1. Set the environment variable in the [Context](https://circleci.com/gh/organizations/scalar-labs/settings#contexts) with the name `scalar`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set the environment variables in the [Context](https://circleci.com/gh/organizations/scalar-labs/settings#contexts) with the name `scalar`.
```

Then you can use it like so :-

**$ENV_VAR**  - Represents the CircleCI environment variable

In your CircleCI configuration files.
<pre>
    - image: scalarlabs/scalar-ledger:1.3.1
     auth:
       username: <b>$DOCKERHUB_USERNAME</b>
       password: <b>$DOCKERHUB_PASSWORD</b>
</pre>

We can also use it to store the content of a certain configuration file as well.

The content of the secret files will be stored as a CircleCI environment variable, multiline configuration content will have to be parsed into a single string. For example:
```
{
      "name": "@scalar-labs/ist-web-client-sdk",
      "description": "Web SDK for Information Banking Solution Template",
      "author": "Scalar, Inc.",
      "dependencies": {
        "axios": "0.19.0",
      }
}
```

The raw content above has to be formatted as :-
```
{\n      \"name\": \"@scalar-labs/ist-web-client-sdk\",\n      \"description\": \"Web SDK for Information Banking Solution Template\",\n      \"author\": \"Scalar, Inc.\",\n      \"dependencies\": {\n        \"axios\": \"0.19.0\",\n      }\n}
```

> **Attention**: If environment variable is favoured when for keeping the schema file, then we would need to update the environment variable to reflect the latest schema file. But keep in mind that, it always depends on the input required format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Attention**: If environment variables are favored when keeping the schema file, then we would need to update the environment variables to reflect the latest schema file. But keep in mind that it always depends on the input required format.
```

### 2. Setting Up Context

> Context is known as the variables that is to be shared across different project of the same organization, for example your docker hub id and password, encryption credential keys and etc...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Context is known as the variables that are to be shared across different project of the same organization, for example your docker hub id and password, encryption credential keys and etc.
```

[Click here](https://circleci.com/gh/organizations/scalar-labs/settings#contexts) for setting up the context of your organization, normally this would be your docker hub username and password,

> the variables name should be **$DOCKERHUB_USERNAME**, **$DOCKERHUB_PASSWORD**, as that's what we currently used in the configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the variable names should be **$DOCKERHUB_USERNAME**, **$DOCKERHUB_PASSWORD**, as that's what we currently use in the configuration.
```
